doc: releases: Add 3.0.0 Bluetooth release notes (#42830)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-3.0.rst

Bluetooth
*********

* Updated all experimental features in Bluetooth to use the new `EXPERIMENTAL`
  selectable Kconfig option
* Bluetooth now uses logging v2 as with the rest of the tree

* Audio

  * Implemented the Content Control ID module (CCID)
  * Added support for the Coordinated Set Identification Service (CSIS)
  * Added a Temporary Object Transfer client implementation
  * Added a Media Control client implementation
  * Added a Media Control Server implementation
  * Implemented the Media Proxy API
  * Implemented CIG reconfiguration and state handling
  * Updated the CSIS API for both server and client
  * Added Basic Audio Profile (BAP) unicast and broadcast server support

* Direction Finding

>   * Added support for for filtering of periodic advertisements synch by CTE type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added support for filtering of Periodic Advertising Sync by CTE type
```
